README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="game.gif" alt="My GitHub Game" style="max-width: 100%; height: auto;" />
</div>

<h1 align="center">
  Hi, <a href="https://palchhin.netlify.app" target="_blank">Palchhin</a> here~
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
  <i>“An INTJ-A tech girlie who loves building little worlds on a screen... yup, that’s me. 🍃”</i>
</h4>

### _What I do_

- Craft cozy little web worlds with different technologies
- Mix and match frontend & backend to make apps feel seamless  
- Play around with open-source projects and hackathon adventures  
- Learn new tech and sprinkle creativity into every project  
- Tinker with fun side-projects just to see what sticks  

### _Current Exploration_

- Learning Korean (2A level)
- Contributing to 2 open source programs - [SWOC](https://beta.swoc.in) and [WOC 5.0](https://winter-of-code.tech) under WallGodds
- Participating in [Learn It Global Hackathon V2](https://learnit-globalv2.devpost.com)

### _Featured Projects_ (under work)

| Project | Description | Status | Link |
|---------|------------|--------|------|
| E-commerce | Personal portfolio to showcase projects and skills | Finished | [View](https://palchhin.netlify.app) |
| DeepShield | Full-stack task management app with authentication and CRUD functionality | Finished | [Repo](https://github.com/palchhin/task-manager) |
| ReachOut | Collaborative hackathon project with real-time features | Unfinished | [Repo](https://github.com/palchhin/hackathon2025) |

### _Tech Stack_

| Category  | Technologies |
|-----------|-------------|
| Languages | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c,cpp,python,javascript" /> |
| Frontend  | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,react,vite,bootstrap,tailwind" /> |
| Backend   | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express,mongodb" /> |
| Tools     | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,vscode,netlify" /> |

### _Contribution Graph_

![](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=palchhinparihar&custom_title=Palchhin's%20Contribution%20Graph&bg_color=0d1117&color=2563eb&line=2563eb&point=fdfdfd&area_color=2563eb&area=true&hide_border=true)

### _Hacktoberfest 2025_

[![palchhin's Holopin badges](https://holopin.me/palchhinparihar)](https://holopin.io/@palchhinparihar)

### _Find Me Here_

<p>
  <a href="https://palchhin.netlify.app"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-7C3AED?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio"/></a>
  <a href="mailto:palchhinparihar@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/palchhinparihar"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.codedex.io/@palchhin"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Codedex-FFE900?style=for-the-badge&logo=code&logoColor=white" alt="Codedex"/></a>
  <a href="https://devfolio.co/@palchhinparihar"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Devfolio-2962FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=devfolio&logoColor=white" alt="Devfolio"/></a>
  <a href="https://devpost.com/palchhinparihar"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Devpost-003E54?style=for-the-badge&logo=devpost&logoColor=white" alt="Devpost"/></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/palchhinx"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X_(Twitter)-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=white" alt="X (Twitter)"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Rename 'Featured Projects' to 'Favorite Projects'
Updated project descriptions and renamed section.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="game.gif" alt="My GitHub Game" style="max-width: 100%; height: auto;" />
</div>

<h1 align="center">
  Hi, <a href="https://palchhin.netlify.app" target="_blank">Palchhin</a> here~
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
  <i>“An INTJ-A tech girlie who loves building little worlds on a screen... yup, that’s me. 🍃”</i>
</h4>

### _What I do_

- Craft cozy little web worlds with different technologies
- Mix and match frontend & backend to make apps feel seamless  
- Play around with open-source projects and hackathon adventures  
- Learn new tech and sprinkle creativity into every project  
- Tinker with fun side-projects just to see what sticks  

### _Current Exploration_

- Learning Korean (2A level)
- Contributing to 2 open source programs - [SWOC](https://beta.swoc.in) and [WOC 5.0](https://winter-of-code.tech) under WallGodds
- Participating in [Learn It Global Hackathon V2](https://learnit-globalv2.devpost.com)

### _Favorite Projects_ (under work)

| Project | Description | Status | Link |
|---------|------------|--------|------|
| DeepShield | Verify the authenticity of digital media in an age of misinformation. | Finished | [Repo](https://github.com/palchhinparihar/DeepShield) |
| ReachOut | A human-centric job application tracker with smart follow-ups, email templates, and career guidance. | Unfinished | [Repo](https://github.com/palchhinparihar/ReachOut) |

### _Tech Stack_

| Category  | Technologies |
|-----------|-------------|
| Languages | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c,cpp,python,javascript" /> |
| Frontend  | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,react,vite,bootstrap,tailwind" /> |
| Backend   | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express,mongodb" /> |
| Tools     | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,vscode,netlify" /> |

### _Contribution Graph_

![](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=palchhinparihar&custom_title=Palchhin's%20Contribution%20Graph&bg_color=0d1117&color=2563eb&line=2563eb&point=fdfdfd&area_color=2563eb&area=true&hide_border=true)

### _Hacktoberfest 2025_

[![palchhin's Holopin badges](https://holopin.me/palchhinparihar)](https://holopin.io/@palchhinparihar)

### _Find Me Here_

<p>
  <a href="https://palchhin.netlify.app"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-7C3AED?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio"/></a>
  <a href="mailto:palchhinparihar@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/palchhinparihar"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.codedex.io/@palchhin"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Codedex-FFE900?style=for-the-badge&logo=code&logoColor=white" alt="Codedex"/></a>
  <a href="https://devfolio.co/@palchhinparihar"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Devfolio-2962FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=devfolio&logoColor=white" alt="Devfolio"/></a>
  <a href="https://devpost.com/palchhinparihar"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Devpost-003E54?style=for-the-badge&logo=devpost&logoColor=white" alt="Devpost"/></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/palchhinx"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X_(Twitter)-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=white" alt="X (Twitter)"/></a>
</p>
